Hello friends, welcome to TPN sites.
In today's video, we will talk
about ICICI Lombard. How is the process of
remembrance claim done within ICICI Lombard?
In today's video, I am going to
tell you in detail that there are two conditions.
One condition for reimbursement claim is that
if we are getting our treatment done in a non-network hospital, then
we have to pay all the payments
to the hospital from the beginning till the end. When our
treatment is completed, after that
we have to settle our bills.
This is one condition. The second condition is
if we are getting treatment in a network hospital
and our claim
is rejected by the insurance company and the reason given is
that we cannot give you cashless treatment. You should
submit your bills in reimbursement. We are
not satisfied with your documents. Then,
after the claim is rejected, you will have to pay all the payments
to the hospital there and when your
treatment is completed, then
you will fill your claim form.  You will
also fill the claim form and send your bill to the insurance company's
address. So in the next video, I am going to
tell you many more things related to insurance claim. So, stay tuned to the
channel till the end. If
you are new to the channel, then subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon so that you keep getting notifications of new videos. So
let's start the video.
[Music]
Before taking any claim, you
must know what a network
hospital and a non-network hospital are.
Network hospitals are those hospitals
which are connected to ICICI Lo, that is, there is
an agreement between these two that
all the policy holders of ICICI
can go to that hospital which
is connected to the network of ICICI and a non-
network hospital is one which has nothing to do
with ICICI.
No agreement has been signed between them. If
you go to that hospital and get your treatment done, then
you will not get cashless treatment.
Cashless means
treatment without paying any money. I have
already made a video about cashless two days ago, so watch
that video.  You must go and watch
that video, I will provide the link of that video in the description of this video
so that you can
understand what a cashless claim
is, what a reimbursement claim is, which I am
telling you in today's video. So
if you go to a non-network hospital and get
your treatment done, then you will have to make
all the payments there from the beginning till the end
and later you have to fill your bill
resource form A, claim form B, after filling
those forms you have to
put all the bills in the supporting like the final bill,
discharge summary, lab test
bills, medicine bills, all in the supporting and
you have to
send them to the insurance company, how to fill the IIC Lord claim
form part A, claim form part B,
I have made separate
videos on these as well, I have made a separate video on claim form A,
I have made a separate video on claim
form B,
I will also provide the link of both the videos
in the description of this video so that you do
not face any problem while filling the forms when they get your bills there.  When you go there, they
check and
review your bills or claim papers. If they feel that your
documents are absolutely okay, then the
process is extended further. However, if
they feel that the documents are incomplete, that is,
incomplete documents, then
in that condition they raise a query for additional
documents, that is, they need some more
information related to your claim.
You have a limited time, that is, you have to reply
within a week or maximum 10 days. Any further
delay will cause problems in the claim.
So, whatever information they are
asking for, you have to
provide it to them as quickly as possible so that your process does
not stop and your claim gets processed quickly and
cleared from there. When you
reply to their query,
they again review your claim and if
they feel that the documents are complete, then they
pass that claim.
They ask for an account detail related to the claim.  From
you so that the money can be transferred to your account when the
claim is approved, they
transfer the money to that account.
After the money is deposited in the account, the
remembrance claim process is
completed. One thing you have to keep in
mind is that at the time of discharge from whichever hospital you get
treatment, whether it is a network hospital
or a non-network hospital,
you have to
collect your documents very carefully. Be it the
TPA team, their reception,
or any other billing counter, you have to
collect them from there, such as the
final bill, discharge summary,
medicine bills, lab test bills,
or any other documents, you have to
collect all of them. Another thing
I want to tell you is that whatever
payment you are making there in the hospital,
you must take its receipt. The
insurance company asks for the receipt. When you
file your claim, collect the receipt of whatever payment you are
making immediately
so that you do
not face any problem while claiming later.  So, I would
advise you that whenever you get
treatment,
go to a network hospital so that you do
n't have to pay anything and get a cashless
claim. I've made a complete video on how to find a network hospital
or which hospitals are
connected to ICICI's network list.
I'll also provide a link to that video
in the description of this video so
you can go and understand it and
get information about all the hospitals near you that are connected to ICICI Lombard.
In today's video, I explained how the
reimbursement claim process works within ICICI Lombard,
what forms do
we have to fill out, and what
type of form does it use. I've
cleared all your doubts.
Still, if you have any questions about this video,
you can ask in the comments section.
Or, if you have
any queries related to WhatsApp claims,
you can definitely ask me questions about
all of them.  You will get the answer
in a limited time.
Share this video as much as possible with all the policy holders of ICICI Lombard and also subscribe to the channel
because my views
on the channel have crossed 35 lakhs but the
subscribers are not increasing, so this
means that you people have not subscribed to the channel, you
just watch the video and go away, then
this is wrong, you people have to support and
also subscribe to the channel, so that's all
in today's video, if you liked the video then
like the video, subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon
so that you keep getting notifications of new videos, so see you
in the next video, till then hello